there's not much time you got to be
miles away from here bulldog where is
she follow that no stop
if there no stars just follow the river
listen for them fear is your enemy
whoa easy now I'm gonna free your dad I
don't know if you know how extraordinary
this is but you have made it 100 miles
to freedom all by yourself would you
like to pick a new name to mark your
freedom heritable
[Music]
you are welcome here any time if I'm
free my family should be too
I made up my mind I'm going back
you're confident compose their trouble
columns you'll be ready papers says here
you five and half feet tall
you ain't more than five feet muscle on
my hable said day
hi Becky hey I come get you bring all of
you to freedom do you know what would
happen if you got caught you got lucky
Harry I made it this far mom so don't
you tell me what I can do
[Music]
Herry welcome to the Underground
Railroad
everybody everywhere is looking for you
god don't mean people to own people
sandesh thief and burned her at the
stake
I will keep every last drop of blood in
my face
until this master cost slavery is deep
ready
you